Oops, of course I'm your handsome and charming
Mr. Landlord
But
How could you draw Mr. Rain Ink so quickly?
word
Tell me what's your relationship with him?
Excuse me?
You said this painting was painted by Chu Feng
Hey, I still can't hide it from you.
I have a showdown.
Yes, I am.
Mr. Yun Mo
Loyal fan of hahaha
Oops, this is what my master taught me
He specializes in painting fake paintings.
Otherwise, how do you think my villa came to be?
They were all drawn by my master one by one.
Money is hard to make.
What happened to your seal?
Did you say seal?
I have a lot of stamps. What?
Mr. Yun Mo
Nowadays, there are painting saints
I'll give you one.
No but I tell you
After you
It is no longer allowed to imitate Mr. Yun Mo's words
Ok ok ok
I'm hungry all afternoon. Let's eat
My treat.
Stinky rascal, are you interested in frogs?
All of a sudden
tricky
Didn't someone contribute to me today?
I call it borrowing flowers to offer Buddha to you
Clear, I must eat poor him today
Let's go, let's go, come on
Eat tomatoes
The dean is ready for surgery at any time
Dr. Luo
I don't need you for this surgery today.
Go change your clothes and rest
What do you mean it's not the master?
Who else can do this surgery but me?
Dad
Of course it's me